[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: So I'd like to start by
recapping what we covered yesterday just
to let everyone kind of refresh
their memory as to where we stand.
And then go over what
I hope to cover today.
And I'm definitely prepared
to stay a little bit later
in the interest of making sure
we give you guys a complete
set of skills that you can
use to build a real app.
So yesterday we began with talking
about the ideas behind Ember,
what makes it different from some of
the other web frameworks out there.
We described the anatomy of an Ember app,
all of the different folders.
And as we've gone through some of these
exercises, I hope you're starting to get
an intuition for where you can find
things, and starting to figure out
the naming conventions in which template
corresponds to a given route and so on.
We spent a lot of time going
over routing and routes.
We talked about services,
actions, and then sort of get and
set on objects, which is something that
can broadly be used throughout Ember.
We started talking to the Github API,
just using jquery and A plus promises.
Returning those from the model hook so
that we could take hard coded data
out of our template and
start using something real.
And then where we left was we went
over loading and error substates,
and I'm actually gonna start going over
that again since we had a little hiccup.
And I want to make sure
that you guys get it and
that we can go through a simple
example really quickly.
So after that, today we're going to get
into two concepts which help you extend
the semantics that are available
in your templates.
And those two ways are building
Ember components and
creating your own Handlebars Helpers.
And you can think of those as
sort of custom dom elements and
then helper functions that
are used to create strings or
expressions that can be used
in various different ways.
We'll follow that by talking about
computed properties of very powerful and
highly emphasized concept in
the number two point x idioms.
And then jump into testing.
We'll cover unit tests, component
integration tests, acceptance tests.
We will cover how to mock EPI responses,
in case you want to test your
app in isolation without worrying
about whether your API is up or
down.
>> Mike North: Then,
we'll get into ember-data.
We'll talk about models, the store,
adapters, serializers, relationships,
attributes, those kinds of things.
And then finally, I wanna close
out by giving you guys an idea for
what's coming in Ember.
This could be stuff that is likely
to lend in two point x release or
even a three point release, but because
this is a continually evolving framework,
especially when weighing
whether to use Ember or
whether to have your own
custom set of some sort.
It's important to know where things
are going and what you may be able to take
advantage of so you can decide how much
value that's gonna be for your team.